PRIVACY POLICY AND DATA PROTECTION

At minitrabajo.me, we recognise and respect the importance of protecting the privacy of our customers.

Only personal information that we consider necessary for the purpose of providing our services will be collected, stored or processed. We do not require any personal information to view the public parts of our website.

WHAT PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT

REGISTRATION

When you register as a Temporary Worker we do need to collect certain personal details to enable us to provide the services you have requested.

This will include your username, name, postcode, telephone number, email address and technical data.

TEMPORARY WORKER

When you apply to join our service we will ask for a broad range of information about your business and about yourself as the main contact.

This will include, but is not be limited to: your username, name, address, location, telephone numbers, email address, proof of qualifications, proof of identity, date of birth, gender, payment details and technical data.

When references are provided by you, we collect names, email addresses and contact phone numbers. We will only use this information to collect the reference.

TECHNICAL DATA

We collect technical data about the type of browser software, operating system and IP address you are using for the purposes of tracking site use, or improving the service offered through our website. This information will be not used to identify you personally.

We make use of cookies to track who you are between requests, if you disable cookies you will not be able to login to our site.

Most web browsers allow some form of control in-regards to cookies through their respective browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them,

visit www.aboutcookies.org

We advertise through Google AdWords and you can opt out of their cookies.

( https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/)

We advertise through Bing ads, you can opt out of their cookies.

(http://choice.microsoft.com/en-us/opt- out)

We use Google Analytics to monitor user activity on minitrabajo in order to

identify problems and improve our website. To opt out of Google’s internet

tracking, visit gaoptout (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)

HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

Your username will be publicly displayed.

For users, only when you search a temporary worker or they accept your invite will we share your name and phone number with the temporary worker you selected.

For temporary worker, once you have been selected for a job we will share your name and phone number with the user automatically but we will also

share your address, location, email and potentially other information with the user on upon request.

We may use the contact information you provided to contact you via email, SMS and telephone in relation to our services.

We will use the information you provide to; assist you with using the site, to help us resolve disputes, to identify fraud, to enforce our terms and conditions.

For quality control and training purposes, we may monitor or record your communication with our staff.

SHARING OF INFORMATION

We will not trade or sell your information to any company or parties not directly associated with its proper use within the website, except when you give us explicit permission and we give you an opportunity to opt out of having your personal information shared.

We may disclose your personal data if we are required to do so by law, or in response to a valid request by a law enforcement or governmental authority.

SECURITY

All this information will be held by minitrabajo using the appropriate safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of your details.

All communication between you and our website is encrypted.

ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION

Under the terms of the Data Protection Act 1998, you have a number of rights. If you require a copy of the information we have concerning you, please write to the Data Controller at the address below and enclose a cheque for the administration fee of € 10.00 made payable to minitrabajo. We are entitled to charge you this fee to cover our administrative costs.

Our security procedures mean that we may ask for proof of your identity before we will disclose information about you, or to you, be this via email or over the telephone.

Data Controller

minitrabajo.me

xxx

London

xxx

This privacy notice was drafted with brevity and clarity in mind. It does not provide exhaustive detail of all aspects of our collection and use of personal information. We reserve the right to amend or modify this privacy statement at any time and in response to changes in applicable data protection and privacy legislation.