TERMS AND CONDITIONS

INTRODUCTION

By using the Service offered through this Website, you are bound by the terms and conditions as set out below. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you may not use or access our Service.
Key Definitions

"Company","Minitrabajo"("us", "we", "our" and "ours") means XXX, registered in England No. XXX at XXX London XXX.

"Customers" means any person who search for a job on the Website for Temporary Workers to connect with him.

"Job"means project/job searched by a customer via our service.

"Users", "You", means anyone making use of theMinitrabajo Services.

"Service" means any procedure or service that is provided by Minitrabajo to Users, which includes, but is not limited to: information, services and products provided through the Website, or by telephone or email.

"Temporary Workers" means any person who registers on the Website in order to connect with potential Customers.

"Website" means the website minitrabajo.me and all the pages, content and sub-domains contained therein.

"Expressing interest","Expressed interest" means contacting and messaging a customer found via our Service.

"Lead", is a Job which we give you the opportunity to Express Interest in.

"Shortlist", is a lead where the customer chooses to connect with a Temporary Worker.

"Prepayment", "Prepay", means adding money to your prepay account buying credits.

"Service Agreement", means any agreement reached between a temporary worker and a customer on the services to be performed. A service agreement can be reached by a verbal exchange in person, via telephone, via SMS, via an email or in the form of a written statement or contract.

GOVERNING LAW & JURISDICTION

These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English law. Disputes arising in connection with these Terms and Conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
If any provisions hereof are held to be illegal or unenforceable such provisions shall be severed and the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect unless the business purpose of this Agreement is substantially frustrated thereby.

OVERVIEW

Minitrabajo provides an online marketplace for Temporary Workers of all types, and potential Customers who are in need of their services.

ACCURACY OF INFORMATION

Although we attempt to ensure that it is correct and accurate,Minitrabajo cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information on this Service, and are not liable for any problems or losses arising from errors in the content.

In using the Services provided by Minitrabajo, you acknowledge that Minitrabajo is not acting as a contractor or agent and is not responsible for any work done. It is the responsibility of the Customer to select a suitable Temporary Worker and to negotiate the terms for any work that they undertake, and Minitrabajo will not be involved or held liable for any Service Agreement between the Customer and Temporary Worker.

We recommend that any Customer, before entering into a Service Agreement with any Temporary Worker, obtains confirmation of insurance cover, guarantees, qualifications and any other necessary documents. If you suffer any problems or losses as a result of not obtaining or verifying these details, Minitrabajo will not be liable.

CONTENT

You agree to use the website only for lawful purposes and in a way that does not infringe the rights of or restrict or inhibit anyone else's use and enjoyment of the website. Messages, profiles, job descriptions and other content must be civil and tasteful.

You understand that all postings, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, or other materials ("content") posted on, transmitted through, or linked from Minitrabajo, are the sole responsibility of the person from whom such content originated. You are entirely responsible for all content that you post, email or otherwise make available via the Service.

You understand that Minitrabajo does not control, and is not responsible for content made available through the service. Furthermore, the Minitrabajo site and content available through the Service may contain links to other websites, which are completely independent of Minitrabajo. Minitrabajo makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such website.

Your linking to any other websites is at your own risk. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any content, that you may not rely on said content, and that under no circumstances will Minitrabajo be liable in any way for any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed or otherwise made available via Minitrabajo.

You acknowledge that Minitrabajo does not pre-screen or approve all content, but that Minitrabajo shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to remove or move any content that is available on the website for violating the letter or spirit of the terms or for any other reason.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY

Minitrabajo owns all the intellectual property rights relating to the site, including the designs, text, database, graphics and layouts, and you agree not use or copy any part thereof without our express permission.

The intellectual property rights on postings, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, sounds, or other materials ("content") Users upload to Minitrabajo are retained by the copyright owner, and these are added to the site by Users at their own risk. In doing so you are giving expressed and irrevocable permission for us to store, display and use the content.

DEALINGS WITH ORGANISATIONS AND INDIVIDUALS

Your interactions with organisations and/or individuals found on or through the Website, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organisations and/or individuals.

You agree that Minitrabajo shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. If there is a dispute between Users on this Website, or between Users and any third party, you understand and agree that Minitrabajo is under no obligation to become involved.

In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other Users, you hereby release Minitrabajo, its officers, employees, agents and successors in rights from claims, demands and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our service.
Feedback

All Temporary Workers will be subject to feedback evaluations from Customers if, after expressing interest, a Service Agreement is reached to carry out some or all of the job advertised or similar or related work.

Temporary Workers understand that Minitrabajo is not responsible for the feedback content that those customers post, or any harm done by such content. The Customer who posts the feedback is directly responsible for its content, and the accuracy and legality thereof.

All Users understand that any use of profanity, libellous behaviour, illegal activity, or any other form of abuse of the feedback function or any other part of the website may be banned from further use and reported to the authorities, if applicable.

Minitrabajo performs a number of checks on feedback with an aim to ensure that feedback is authentic, and will remove feedback that in its sole discretion appears to be fake, but makes no claim or warranty of the accuracy or authenticity of any feedback. Minitrabajo may, at its sole discretion, also remove feedback at the request of the author.

REFERENCES

Any contact details given will not be displayed on the site or used for marketing purposes. It is your responsibility to ensure that you have the referee's permission to give their contact details to Minitrabajo.
It is the responsibility of the Temporary Worker to ensure that the referee is a genuine client. We perform a number of checks to ensure this. It is at our sole discretion whether comments from the referee will be posted.

PAYMENT TERMS & REFUNDS

LISTING FEES

If you are a Temporary Worker, you agree to pay Minitrabajo a fee to buy credits and continue to be listed on the website.
The credit cost is clearly displayed and correspond to xx per credit.

Each xx credits allow a Temporary Worker to be listed on the Wembsite for one month.

PREPAYMENT OF LISTING FEES

Prepay credits can only be purchased in fixed amounts. We are under no obligation to make a refund where you purchase more prepay credit than you intend, for whatever reason.
You understand that money added to your prepay account is non-refundable. If your prepay balance remains unchanged for 18 months, your balance will be reduced to zero.

ALL SERVICES

You agree you are responsible for paying our invoices within the payment terms of the invoice. If your account has an invoice which is more than 7 days overdue your account will be automatically restricted.
Refunds are rarely given but may occasionally be offered at the discretion of Minitrabajo.

You understand that we only accept payment by credit or debit card. By designating a card to be billed, you confirm that you are authorised to make such a purchase.
You agree to receive all invoices by email to the email address you have given to us. It is your responsibility to ensure that this email address is working correctly.

FAILED & DISPUTED PAYMENTS

If you have a question about a charge on your credit or debit card, you agree to contact us using the form available on our Contact Us page.

Should any payment method you use fail or is later reclaimed by the bank or card issuer you agree to pay any costs incurred by us plus a 10 + VAT administration fee.

LIMITATIONS

You acknowledge that Minitrabajo may establish limits concerning use of the Website, including but not limited to the maximum number of days that content will be retained by the website, the maximum number and size of postings, email messages, or other content that may be transmitted or stored by the Website, and the frequency with which you may access the website.

You agree that Minitrabajo has no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any content maintained or transmitted by the Website. You also acknowledge that Minitrabajo reserves the right at any time to modify or discontinue the website (or any part thereof) with or without notice, and that Minitrabajo shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of any services.
You agree that we shall not be liable for any loss or damages arising from the provision (or non-provision) of any part of the service, including loss of profit or consequential loss or damage.

TERMINATION OF SERVICE

You agree that Minitrabajo, in its sole discretion, has the right (but not the obligation) to deactivate your account, block your email address, or otherwise terminate or restrict your access to or use of the website, immediately and without notice, for any reason, including, without limitation, if Minitrabajo believes that you have acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of the terms.

Further, you agree that Minitrabajo shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any termination or restriction of your access to the website.

Further, you agree not to attempt to use the website after said termination.

CHANGES

Minitrabajo reserves the right to change or update these terms and conditions from time to time. As a User of the website, you are responsible for acknowledging any updates of these terms and conditions by visiting this section. Any significant changes in the terms and conditions will be followed by notification emails to all active Users.

